Hello everyone and welcome to lesson 2d.
Like the lesson before this one.
We are going to teach you how to use
fastboot to flash an operating system onto
your DragonBoard 410c.
In this case, we are going to
flash the Ubuntu operating system.
So we're gonna start off
by showing you where to and
how to download the bootloader.
And the image you'll need for
the operating system.
After that we're going to go ahead and
alter the boot loader script.
And set up some path variables to make
the flashing process much easier.
>> .Once we've set up the path
variables and modified the script.
We're then going to prep
the dragon board 410c,
get it ready, and
flash the operating system onto it.
So we look forward to
showing you all of this and
hopefully it helps you learn
the flashing fast boot process.